Add URL Trim Query UDF (#279)
GoogleCloudPlatform/bigquery-utils: udfs/community/README.md

| facebook.com | NULL        | NULL             | NULL | rpc  |

> ### [url_trim_query(urlString STRING, keys ARRAY<STRING>)](url_trim_query.sqlx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [url_trim_query(url STRING, keys_to_trim ARRAY<STRING>)](url_trim_query.sqlx)
```

> Returns trimed query URL from input URL. The remove query is specified arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a URL with specified keys removed from the
[URL's query component](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Query_string). 
The keys to be removed are provided as an ARRAY<STRING> input argument.
```
